do you
you
today I'm going to make you a nice
lovely car being passed the Senate I did
get the request and made the comment
pass the shot and I'm definitely going
to make it as I always say in my video
if you see something and you like if you
don't know how to make it always free to
write it and I will make it if I don't
know how to make the recipe I will try
and make it anyway I'm going to give you
the recipe it's very quick simple and
easy if you do not register on my
website we are free to edit register on
my website go to chef Ricardo that code
at UK you will see the link down below
after you subscribe I write your
comments please leave your comments
please give me a like and also you're
free to visit my website thank you very
much what you should gonna cook some
nice right over here I have some pasta
inside of this big board right here what
I did before a cook-off cups of pasta I
wanna say pasta is very easy to cook it
is get some water boil pasta put a
little bit of oil a little Sun if you do
like today I just cook off cups of pasta
right here I have a little bit of sweet
corn I'm gonna put it straight inside of
it just like this put it on the side
there right here a hub with a spring on
it little bit the green pepper a little
bit of yellow pepper a little bit of red
pepper little pinch of also white bone
and all of these finely diced attracted
lovely the next we're gonna seem to do
have some mayonnaise I'm gonna put a
large spoon of mayonnaise inside of my
pasta bowl right here and also I got
some solid cream I'm gonna use it also
and I'm going to put a large spoon of
salad cream also inside of it really
nice the next as you can see I'm gonna
put the white onion mix pepper green
pepper and also the red pepper and these
are everything right here which I'm
gonna put inside of it and leave it at
the spring ponen these which are the
right here
use it to do something let's mix it up
just like this
what would a simple say to your guys if
you have a little pepper simple put a
little bit of course pepper inside of it
also you can simply put ready will you
like inside of your pasta side but this
is the best way to make carbon pasta
salad really lovely sing a nice natural
right here as you can see and no it's
not simple if you want to leave it in
the bowl to serve it with the guess what
I'm gonna put it in a plate for you guys
to see already not German simple scrape
it all inside of this big bowl and also
add it up a little bit more of my season
I'm still left back just a little pinch
will got a simple spread it on top of it
just to give it some more color on top
as you can see won't do it looking
really lovely nice and color and the
texture of everything so you can put
this on a table even is even Christmas
commitment of such a nice recipe on your
table in Christmas also because on a few
months left of December when I'm giving
a nice car be and pass the Sun and here
it is lovely a nice and as I can see the
color everything and as I said pasta on
it take roughly 10 minutes to cook if
you put it on into some water boil it
for 10 minutes until it gets soft pour
it off cool it off cut up under the
sea's lattice fresh season little bit is
little sunlit cream and make yourself a
nice lovely carbon pasta selector engine
recipe and remember for a there is fresh
they request from a the pasta side and I
did make it lovely carbon pasta salad
hopefully you guys are like the recipe
leave your comments and one thing
subscribe my youtube channel please be
good please leave a comments right where
you want me to make for you guys as I
said someone did Oxford to make
it's made for them so it's a nice idea
nice recipe and open you guys enjoyed a
recipe very quick easy and simple as I
said you can always put with a very
light into pasta summer reading for you
like you can always add you cannot most
suit con more seasoned more stuff
wherever you like and this is the best
way to make a great pasta senator so
enjoy the recipe today